Add issue templates (#195)
qfall/math: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

---
name: Bug report
about: Create a report to help us improve
title: ''
labels: bug
assignees: ''

---

<!--
Thank you for filing a bug report! Please provide a short summary of the bug,

> along with any information that might be required to replicate the bug.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
along with any information that might be required to replicate the bug, and if you already 
found a solution / workaround, please provide it.
```

> If you feel like any of the provided sections are not needed, 
> feel free to delete the corresponding section and leave it unfilled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you feel like any of the provided sections are not needed or should be extended, 
feel free to adapt this form.
```

-->

**Describe the bug**
<!-- A clear and concise description of what the bug is. -->

**To Reproduce**

> <!-- Steps to reproduce the behavior: -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Steps to reproduce the behavior: -->
<!-- These steps are even more helpful if you provide some code for each step along the way using: -->
```rust
// write your code here
```
```

**Expected behavior**

> <!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expect to happen and 
why the current behaviour does not match this criteria. -->
```

> **Rust Code**
> <!-- If applicable, provide some rust code, that might help to reproduce the bug -->
> ```rust
> // write your code here
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
